#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    ci/refreeze
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbconvert
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
cgmquantify-updated==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   black
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   dask
    #   distributed
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   matplotlib
dask==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-ai
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
datetime==5.5
    # via cgmquantify-updated
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
deepmerge==2.0
    # via jupyter-ai
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
distributed==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   dask
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   openai
executing==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   stack-data
faiss-cpu==1.12.0
    # via jupyter-ai
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   dask
gh-scoped-creds==4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
identify==2.6.9
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-ai
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
ipython==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
jiter==0.11.0
    # via openai
json5==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   langchain-core
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-ai-magics
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-ai==2.31.6
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-ai-magics==2.31.6
    # via jupyter-ai
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-ai
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbgitpuller
    #   voila
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-smart-on-fhir==0.1.0a3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterhealth-client==0.0.1a4
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-code-formatter==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   voila
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.30
    # via jupyter-ai-magics
langchain-core==0.3.78
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.35
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.32
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lark==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   rfc3987-syntax
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   cgmquantify-updated
    #   mplcursors
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbconvert
mplcursors==0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
multidict==6.4.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nbgitpuller==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   cgmquantify-updated
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   ruptures
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
openai==2.1.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   black
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   cgmquantify-updated
    #   jupyterhealth-client
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   dask
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.10
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-ai
    #   jupyter-ai-magics
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-smart-on-fhir
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   datetime
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2025.9.18
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   gh-scoped-creds
    #   jupyter-smart-on-fhir
    #   jupyterhealth-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
ruptures==1.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ruptures
    #   statsmodels
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   cgmquantify-updated
tblib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   bleach
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbgitpuller
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-ai
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via pre-commit
voila==0.5.8
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==15.0.1
    # via voila
yarl==1.19.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jupyterhealth-client
zict==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   distributed
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-interface==7.2
    # via datetime
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -c /tmp/constraints.txt
    #   langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
